PRIVACY POLICY

Voice Reminder app does Not collect any personal information.
Third party service providers

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:

Google Play Services.
Google Tasks.
Google AdMob.
Google AdSense.
see How google  uses information from sites or apps that use Google services .

Synchronization

Voice Reminder app can synchronize your tasks data with Google Tasks .
 Per default, synchronization is Not active. You have to explicitly enable synchronization if you want to use it.
When you enable synchronization, Voice Reminder needs access to one of the Google accounts configured on your device To access Google Tasks, you will be prompted to select a Google account and to allow access to the credentials of that account .The credentials are not stored by Voice Reminder app, but by Android itself . 
If you want to delete the credentials, you have to disable Sync with google in the app „Settings“ . However, you can of course switch of synchronization in the settings of Voice Reminder.
During synchronization with Google Tasks, your tasks data is transferred to Google Tasks .
Use of Google Tasks service is subject to Google's Privacy Policy
Ads

We care about your privacy and data security. We keep this app free by showing ads.
Voice Reminder app  displays ads provided by Google Admob and Google AdSense.
Google Admob uses the devices advertising id to serve personalized ads based on the users interests (which includes collecting and analyzing user data). You can use  this link to the Google page  to opt-out of personalized advertising . Also see Googles Privacy Policies (here and here) .
Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use app, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the time and date of your use of the app, and other statistics.
Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes (you can access this page from the About us section in app settings). I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Me

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at seleyemene@gmail.com.
